JAX:
Previously on Reasonable Doubt...
LEWIS: You seem stressed.
JAX: That's why you left, right?
- It's just a trial separation.
- I didn't get married to sleep alone.
TERRENCE: I wish we had a fun couple
to hang out with in Philly.
I'm glad y'all are good.
I don't think we could take it.
DAMON:
I don't wanna be
some amusement park to you.
- Damon, I'm technically still married.
JT has an event coming up,
do you think that Brayden can come by--
- We are not in a good place.
JT: Why didn't you tell me
I was gonna be the only nigga here?
Find your own way home.
- What the fuck?
- Mike will say that Brayden bullied her
into signing the new NDA,
then, in a fit of rage,
brutally murdered her.
- What kinda time am I looking at?
- Tell me what you want.
- I want your husband to go to prison.
BRAYDEN:
What the fuck are you up to?
SARAH:
Oh.
JAX:
You don't understand anything about me.
- Anything to get rid of me, huh?
- You're the one who left.
♪
♪ Dreams and Nightmares
by Meek Mill playing ♪
♪ Ain't this what they've
been waiting for? ♪
♪
♪ You ready? ♪
♪ Uh, uh ♪
♪ I used to pray for times like this,
to rhyme like this ♪
♪ So I had to grind like that
to shine like this ♪
♪ In a matter of time
I spent on some locked-up shit ♪
♪ In the back of the paddy wagon,
cuffs locked on wrists ♪
♪ Seen my dreams unfold,
nightmares come true ♪
♪ It was time to marry the game
and I said, "Yeah, I do." ♪
♪ If you want it, you gotta see it
with a clear-eyed view ♪
♪ Got a shorty, she tryna bless me
like I said achoo ♪
♪ Like a nigga sneezed, nigga, please,
'fore them triggers squeeze ♪
♪ I'm gettin' cream,
never let them hoes get in between ♪
♪ Of what we started,
lil' nigga but I'm lion-hearted ♪
♪ They love me when I was stuck
and they hated when I departed ♪
♪ I go and get it regardless,
draw it like I'm a artist ♪
♪ No crawlin', went straight to walkin' ♪
LEWIS:
Yeah!
♪ All foreign bitches ménagin',
fuckin', suckin' and swallowin' ♪
♪ Anything for a dollar,
they tell me get 'em, I got 'em ♪
Unh, unh, unh.
♪ I did it without a album ♪
♪ I did shit with Mariah ♪
♪ Lil' nigga, I'm on fire ♪
♪ Phantom so big,
can't even fit in the parking spot ♪
♪ You ain't talkin' 'bout my niggas,
then what you talkin' 'bout? ♪
♪ Gangstas move in silence, nigga,
and I don't talk a lot ♪
♪ I don't say a word, I don't say a word ♪
♪ Was on my grind and now
I got what I deserve, fuck, nigga ♪
What's up, Matt?
- Just touching base.
- We'll be ready.
[Lewis chuckles]
♪ Hold up, wait a minute,
y'all thought I was finished? ♪
♪ When I bought that Aston Martin,
y'all thought it was rented? ♪
♪ Flexin' on these niggas,
I'm like Popeye on his spinach ♪
♪ Double M, yeah, that's my team,
Rozay the captain, I'm lieutenant ♪
♪ I'm the type to count a million cash
then grind like I'm broke ♪
Ooh, man. Appreciate you, brother. Peace.
♪ Real nigga, what up? ♪
♪ If you ain't about that murder game,
then pussy nigga, shut up ♪
♪ I'm the king of my city
'cause I'm still callin' them shots ♪
♪ And these lames talkin' that bullshit
the same niggas that flopped ♪
♪ It was somethin' about that Rollie
when it first touched my wrist ♪
♪ Had me feelin' like that dope boy
when he first touched that brick ♪
♪ I'm gone ♪
- Lewis. Hi.
Toni. Hattie's mom?
- Oh, right, right. It's good to see you.
- Yeah, you too.
I, um, I actually was gonna
give this to Jax,
but since you're here...
The girls went swimming
last week and Naima left this.
I have been meaning to return it,
but single parent life, am I right?
[Toni chuckles]
Sorry.
Kids talk.
LEWIS: Right. Right.
No, we're-we're still working
through some things, so...
- I get it. I'm-I'm recently divorced.
Here. Let me give you my number.
Hattie loves Naima,
so if you ever need a break
or you wanna talk or...
- Yeah, yeah, of course.
- Here you go.
SPENSER:
What's up, Dad?
- What's going on?
- Hey, sweetie.
- What's good?
- Hey, open the door for your sister.
Hey!
NAIMA: Hi, Daddy.
- Uh, talk soon.
I hope.
♪
- You okay?
- I'm just on trial for murder.
- If this is about the other night,
I told you I was with a friend.
- I remember.
- You know, this is... a lot.
For me too.
You're not the only one
who needs support right now.
[laughs]
- Is that right?
Since when are you
and Kaleesha's husband fuckin' friends?
- Ryan is a liability.
He wants to bring you down.
So when he approached me
saying he had some information
that was damaging to your case,
I did what I've always done.
Protect this family,
that even includes you.
But you wouldn't have any idea about that
because you spent the last
fucking year trying to destroy it.
- What can I do?
- Alright, just tell me one thing.
Was it just sex with Kaleesha?
Or was it love?
- I'll say this now
and for the rest of my life,
you are my center.
You. No one else.
♪
REPORTER:
It's been almost four months
since the murder of Kaleesha Moore.
Today, the prosecution
is wrapping up their case
with their final witness,
Kaleesha's cousin Fallon Stephens.
- Kaleesha was so full of life. [chuckles]
Ever since we were young,
she just knew she was destined
to do something great.
That's what sent her to Spelman
for undergrad
and Stanford for her law degree.
She was excited to work with Brayden
and show Black youth
that people that look like them
could be successful businessmen and women.
- And when did things turn?
- When Brayden tried to push her
out of the company she helped build.
MIKE: Did she tell you that?
FALLON: Yes.
In an email.
She asked me to set up
an interview for her with GMA
so she can tell her side of the story.
- Your Honor, I would like
to submit an email
procured from Kaleesha's personal laptop.
Do you recognize this email?
- Yes. It was sent to me
by my cousin, Kaleesha Moore.
- Would you mind reading
the contents of the email?
FALLON:
"Hey, Fallon, I wanted to email you
"because the thought of talking about this
would make me break down in tears.
"You were right. He didn't leave his wife.
"Now he can't look me in the eye.
"He's cold. I don't get it.
"He said he loved me.
He used to call me his center.
"How could you do this
to someone you love so much?
"How could you hurt them so badly?
Anyway, girl, I'll call you later."
- Apparently, his love translates to pain.
Maybe it also translates to murder.
Nothing further, You honor.
- Fallon, did you love Kaleesha?
- Of course, I loved my cousin. Why?
- Well, wasn't there a big blow-up
when Kaleesha kicked
your daughter Morgan out
and you took up for Morgan
and slapped Kaleesha?
- Uh, I was defending my daughter.
- So your love translates to pain as well.
Or in our prosecutor's words,
maybe your love translated to murder.
- I didn't kill her.
- No further questions.
FALLON:
He killed her!
[gasps] He killed her!
- I said no further questions.
[gavel pounds]
JUDGE GREEN:
Miss Stephens, you may step down.
♪
Mr. Ortiz, will the people
be calling any more witness?
- No, we rest our case.
- So now that the prosecution
has rested its case,
we gotta be ready to start our defense.
- Okay, I printed out summaries
of what the people have presented
and I highlighted some arguments
that you might wanna poke at.
- Oof. And this is why you're the best.
- I mean, I could have done that.
JAX: Now, I know
we prepped our list of witnesses,
but I wanna comb through
everything again,
see if there's anything that we missed,
and more importantly,
anything Mike missed.
Let's get to work.
♪
Okay, next page.
Wait. Go back.
Let me see.
RICH: What's up?
JAX: Something's weird.
- Oh, yeah. When you change
the paper out of the printer,
if it's a different brand,
different weight,
it can look slightly different.
- Well, why would you change
the printer paper out
for one page in the middle of a report?
Daniel, find the CSI that wrote this.
I wanna see the original printout
of that page.
- Got you.
[bell ringing]
LEWIS: Hey.
NAIMA: Hey, Daddy.
- How was your day?
NAIMA:
It was good.
LEWIS:
Good.
- What's up, Pops?
- You forged my signature?
- What?
- Mr. Anderson just called me and said
you got a D on two different math tests
and wanted to set up a tutor for you.
So imagine his and my surprise
when we realized
I had no idea what he was talking about.
- Pops, I couldn't study for the test.
When we switched nights,
I left my book over Mom's house--
- You know what? Save it.
Explain it to your mom.
- You did what?
- Right.
JAX:
We will be addressing that D,
but what we do not do
in this family is lie.
You know that, right?
- Yes.
- That's right. Two weeks,
no TV, no games, no friends.
- And no phone.
Yep. Hand it over.
- Mom.
- Now.
Give me that phone. You play too much.
- Alright, now get to studying.
Pick up where you didn't have your book.
[sighs]
- What are we gonna do about him?
- I do not know.
I think it's the separation.
- No, he's using that
as an excuse to act out.
He thinks we're not paying attention.
- Well, apparently we're not.
JAX:
Well, he's not a baby.
We shouldn't have to
watch his every move to trust him
to do the right thing, like not lie.
- I don't need this kind of stress
in my life right now.
I am gonna go home, smoke,
and pretend like this day never happened.
- That sounds like a great idea.
- Doesn't it?
♪ UMI Says by Mos Def playing ♪
♪ I don't wanna write this down ♪
♪ I don't wanna ♪
- Listen, I'm telling you,
it was the lodge in Kenya.
- No, Jax, we were in Tanzania.
- Nigga! No. Are you serious?
It was Kenya.
And I know because
I planned the entire trip.
- Don't act like you don't like
doing that shit.
Fuckin' Virgo behavior.
- You right, I do. I do.
But Beyoncé is a Virgo, okay?
So, respect.
- Always with
the Beyoncé is a fucking Virgo.
- And so was Kobe
and a whole lot of other
amazingly talented humans, okay?
Anyway--
What was we talking about?
- I have no idea. Um--
[mutters]
How did we get so high?
- So fucking high!
- Shh! You're gonna wake the kids.
[both laughing]
- Hey. Did you--
Did you see that little nigga's face
when we took his cellphone?
His chin started quivering--
Oh, my God.
Hell, you know we can make shadow puppets
through that hole in his door, right?
- Oh, shit. I forgot
this nigga ain't got
no doorknob!
- No doorknob!
♪
[buzzing]
- Don't answer that.
- Oh, I have to take this.
It's the medical examiner's office.
- You don't need to. You want to.
- Look, I'll be right back, okay?
[buzzing continues]
Hi.
♪ Shine your light on the world ♪
♪ Shine your light for the world to see ♪
[Jax speaking indistinctly]
♪ My Umi said
shine your light on the world ♪
♪ Black people ♪
♪ Shine your light for the world to see ♪
♪ Want black people to be free ♪
[car door closes]
♪
[grunts softly]
[sighs]
[line ringing]
TERRENCE [over phone]:
You're alive?
LEWIS [over phone]:
[laughs] Yes, fool.
It's just been a busy week.
Work shit. I've had the kids
the last few days.
- What do you mean
you had the kids the last few days?
- Yeah. Yeah, man. Um--
Jax and I are separated at the moment.
- No! What?
But I just saw y'all at the show.
Y'all looked happy.
LEWIS: Yeah.
She did that as a favor to me.
- Wow.
How long has this been going on?
- A couple months already.
I mean, I'm renting an Airbnb
in Ladera Heights until--
- Until when?
- Until we figure things out.
- Bro, fuck!
I'm sorry. Why didn't you tell me sooner?
- Yeah, I know how much
you love Jax and I--
- Hey, yo, fuck that.
You're my big brother.
She ain't shit to me without you,
understood?
- Understood.
- Alright, I'll call you later.
I love you.
- I love you too, man.
[line beeps]
♪
[sighs]
- Good day, Cynthia.
- Hey, Daniel.
- We-we-we missed you
at trivia night last week.
- It was my sister's birthday.
- Oh! Sisters are the worst, am I right?
I'm just kidding.
I love my sister, I don't know about you.
My sister's great. It's just
that her birthday is not for a while,
so, um, it just doesn't interfere
with my trivia nights.
- Right. Did you need something?
- Uh, is-is Jennifer around?
- Oh, shit.
Sherlock Homies dude.
- That's right.
Oh, I haven't seen your team
at trivia night in ages.
Oh, Seinfeld night
really broke y'all, huh?
- What do you want?
- A few months ago,
you investigated a crime scene.
Um, Kaleesha Moore.
Cut in the neck, bled out on the floor.
Anyways, there's this one page
about the fingerprints on the wine glasses
that looked a little bit different
than the others.
And I was just wondering, was
there like an earlier draft of that one?
Because the file surely
makes it seem that way.
- I had to fix something,
but the report you have
is the official report.
So all good.
- No, not quite.
Uh, what'd you have to fix?
Can I see the original draft?
Are we gonna have to subpoena?
Feel free to buzz in any time.
[cell phone rings]
Excuse me.
- Daniel, what'd you find?
DANIEL: [over phone]
Yeah, she had to edit the report,
but won't say why.
JAX:
Hmm.
Daniel, I'll call you back in a bit.
This is good. I have an idea.
[line beeps]
[line rings]
LILIANA: [over phone]
Hey, Jax. What's up?
- Hey, Liliana.
I want you to look up something for me
on the Brayden Miller case.
CJ:
Once we get the key cut,
we go back to the original dealership
after hours.
Take the cars that we got the VINs for
and bring them here.
Switch out the parts.
Newer parts go in our clients' cars
so we can sell those at a premium.
And then the new cars get the old parts
before they go to a dealership
in a different state for top dollar.
And then, boom. That's it.
Pretty simple, right?
- Simple?
CJ: Yeah.
- Nigga, that shit's elaborate as fuck.
Yo, you came up with this?
- The hell are you saying, I ain't smart?
- I mean, you know--
[both laugh]
CJ:
Alright, but for real,
there was this crazy-ass housewife
from Atlanta
I used to fuck with back in the day.
She put me on.
I mean, she was into all kinda shit,
but I guess you sitting around
bored all day
and you got nothing to do,
your mind starts to go dark.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Hey, why don't you get yourself
a bored housewife to fuck with?
- Thanks.
I can't get distracted right now.
CJ:
Hmm. I feel you.
Hey, man, um...
I'm happy you changed
your mind about all this.
I don't know. It just feels like
you actually trust me now.
- You the only one I trust.
- For real?
DAMON:
Yeah.
[voice breaking]
Aw, Damon.
[laughing]
Back up, yeah?
Fuck outta here.
Alright, look,
run me through this one more time
because I don't wanna fuck this up.
CJ: Alright, man.
Alright, here we go again.
Now, once we get the key cut, right--
♪
[knock on door]
JAX: Autumn?
Girl, what are you doing here?
- I know how you get
when you're on a big trial,
skipping meals and shit,
so I made you some mac and cheese.
- What?
AUTUMN: Yes.
- Are you serious, girl?
[Autumn laughs]
Oh, my God.
And it's warm?
AUTUMN: Uh-huh.
- I love you.
- I will take that as a thank you,
so, you're welcome.
- Oh, girl, you caught me just in time.
I was getting ready to head home.
I'm taking Lewis' night with the kids
'cause he has some
video game launch thing.
AUTUMN:
Okay, but, look, before you go--
JAX:
Mm!
Girl--
- How's it going with vacay bae?
- Well, he wants more than
I can give him right now.
I mean, he can't expect me
to end my marriage,
and we've just been
hanging out for a few weeks.
I mean, I don't even know
what I want, so--
Yeah, I think the vacation might be over.
- Well... maybe it's better this way.
- What do you mean?
- You know, I don't like
to give unwarranted advice--
- But?
- But I had a client
who went on a paid vacation with a man,
then felt insulted when he expected her
to sleep with him on the trip.
So I said, "Did you express
your feelings to him beforehand?"
- What did she say?
- She said she said, "No,"
because she knew if she did,
she probably wouldn't have gotten
what she wanted:
A free trip.
- Damn. He was that mad?
- I'll tell you what I told her.
Playing with people's emotions
has consequences.
So if this guy is telling you
what he wants
and you don't want the same,
then let him know sooner than later.
There's no such thing as a free vacation.
- Okay. I hear you.
I hear you. Thank you.
And thank you for this.
I owe you a seafood tower.
- And a butter cake.
- Love you, girl.
JAX: Love you too.
♪
- Hey, yo, JT, what's up, man?
- Lewis, my God. What's up, baby?
- I don't know.
Just trying to fill this fridge up
with something other than
juice boxes and beer, bro.
- Man, I heard about the separation, dawg.
It must be tough.
- Yeah, you know, yeah.
- Shanelle tried to pull that feminist
I-don't-need-you bullshit on me,
I wasn't having it, dawg.
I put my foot down.
Now she back at home acting right.
You know what I'm saying?
I told her niggas got feelings too.
LEWIS:
Now see, I hear that.
Damn, see, I look forward
to a day like that.
- But until then,
you gotta enjoy you alone time, dawg.
Enjoy these LA streets, you feel me?
- Come on, man, I don't--
I don't know.
- What you doing tomorrow night?
- Uh, just, you know,
catching up on some work.
- Okay, okay. Just say nothing, nigga.
Look, there's a fight
coming on around 4:00.
My business partner and I are throwing
a small, little watch party at his crib.
You should come through.
- You sure it's cool?
- Nigga, yes. I'll text you the info.
- Alright, cool.
- Man.
Glad I ran into you, dawg.
We're gonna have some fun. So rest up.
♪
- Thanks.
Brent. What are you doing here?
- This came for you yesterday.
I saw the law offices thing
and figured it was important.
You're not in trouble
or anything, are you?
- No, no, no, no, no.
Everything's alright.
Thanks for dropping this off.
- Yeah, no problem.
Also, you still owe me for the last time
I covered for you with curfew.
- Right. Right, right, right, right.
Right.
- Thanks, man.
And any time you need to dip out,
let me know.
We friends now, you know?
- Yeah. Yeah.
You know, I don't pay my friends
to do shit for me.
So if you want,
you can give me my money back.
That's what I thought, homey.
♪ hip-hop song playing ♪
♪
[inaudible]
LEWIS: Ah, Chris-Chris.
CHRIS: Mm.
- What up?
- Aah!
- I see you got a hall pass today.
- Something like that.
Sally took the kids
to her mom's house for the weekend, so--
Of course, she scheduled a playdate
like a nigga can't just be alone.
- Yo, bro, who are these people?
- You think I know?
- He's your cousin, ain't he?
- By marriage.
♪ hip-hop song playing ♪
♪
This nigga.
This is gonna go all night.
♪
JAX:
Naima, Spenser, come eat, y'all.
Hey.
- Mommy, can we watch Soul tonight?
- Oh, you always watch that.
- No, I don't.
- Yes, you do, Naima.
- What do you wanna watch, Spenser?
- I don't care.
- We can watch what you want, Spense.
SPENSER:
Thanks. Naima.
But, you know, I'm just gonna
chill in my bedroom
since I can't go
to Landon's house tonight
even though all my friends are over there.
- You can go to Landon's tonight.
- Wait, really?
You serious?
JAX:
Mm-hmm.
- I'm not on punishment anymore?
- Oh, no, no, no.
You still on punishment.
But I'll give you the night off
for good behavior.
What you-- What-- Oh!
SPENSER:
Thank you, Ma.
- You're welcome, baby.
Just ask Landon's mom
if she can pick you up, okay?
SPENSER: Got it.
- And don't tell your dad.
SPENSER:
Got it.
- Looks like it's just us hanging.
- I guess so, baby.
- So does that mean we can watch Soul or--
- Of course, that means we can watch Soul.
♪ Soul it is ♪
♪ Uh, uh, uh ♪
- Thank you.
TONI:
Lewis.
- Oh, hey, Toni.
- I wasn't sure
that you remembered my name
because you didn't call me.
- Oh, yeah.
I-I just got this deadline at work.
- I'm just giving you shit.
I figured you'll call me
when you're ready to.
I'm not trippin'.
- So are you-you-you, you a fan of boxing?
- I'm a fan of a good time.
What about you?
- I am a fan of basic shit.
- You're funny.
- I'm glad someone here
appreciates my sense of humor
because I made like
a "Fuck Yo Couch" reference earlier
and it did not land at all.
I don't, uh,
I don't think this is my crowd.
- You're a video game designer, right?
- Hmm.
- Jax mentioned it
at one of the parent coffees.
She was kinda bragging about it.
And I'm sure you're proud of her too.
I've seen her on TV a bunch
with this Brayden Miller case.
- Yeah, she's-she's
definitely keeping busy.
- And how are you keeping busy?
- Uh, burying myself in work.
I think that's what people usually do.
- Well, since I got divorced,
I started Pilates.
I've had more time for my kids.
I mean, I'm not saying
that divorce is easy,
but marriage is, whew.
[scoffs]
- Yeah.
But... I don't know. I don't--
I don't think I'm ready to be alone.
- Well, who says you gotta be alone?
♪
JAX:
Dear Damon, I figured I'd send you a note
since you haven't responded to my texts.
I'm sorry I haven't been clear with you
about what I want.
I didn't expect you
to come back into my life
the way that you have.
And while I really enjoy
spending time with you,
I can't give you a definitive answer
about the future.
I know that may not be
what you wanna hear.
But that's all I can give you right now.
If that's okay, then meet me
at our spot tomorrow night.
If not, then I'll understand
and I'll respect your decision to move on.
Jax, AKA Fairfax.
♪
- What up? Y'all having fun?
- Oh, yeah, bro, it's cool.
[Chris grunts]
- Damn, cuz. You need a blankie?
- Man, look, this is what
a working man looks like.
- What is it you do again?
- Really? You--
- I honestly don't know what it is.
You like the View Park version of Tommy.
[JT and Lewis snicker]
- I make money and I pay my bills.
It's all you need to know.
- Cheers to that, brother.
Hey, oh, oh, speaking of,
Lewis, you put Jax in check yet?
- Excuse me?
- I don't mean no disrespect by that, man.
I'm just sayin',
these females are somethin' else.
They think they can
they can just talk to you
any ole kinda way
just 'cause they bad bitches...
[clears throat]
...or, or-or whatever.
Look, anyway, they don't
respect us unless we demand it.
- I don't know, bro, I tried that.
It backfired on me.
- I told you, you can't ask her
to give up her job, man.
Like, I know Sally
wouldn't go for that shit.
- But I didn't really ask her
to give up her job.
I just wish everything
wasn't always on her terms.
I gave up so much early on
in our marriage.
I stayed here in LA
while my entire fucking family
was on the East Coast.
Stayed at home with the kids
while she made partner.
And I always thought that one day
she would make that sacrifice for me,
and I am still waiting
for that day to come.
- But, I mean,
just playing devil's advocate.
You agreed to do those things.
Like, you can't get mad at her now
for some shit you was cool with back then.
- [sighs] I guess. But am I, am I crazy?
Am I crazy for wanting
somebody to make me a priority,
to put me above everything
and everyone else?
Am I crazy for that?
JT:
No, that shit ain't crazy.
You are her husband, man.
Head nigga in charge.
She got to respect you as a man
no matter what.
I paid for everything in my house.
From the Louboutins
to the toilet paper, dawg.
Shanelle has a housekeeper,
a nanny, and no job.
And she still got some shit to say to me.
Like, damn, really?
- See, that's the problem with Jax.
She thinks she's fuckin' perfect
and can do no wrong.
JT: That's what they all think.
- Speak on it.
- Shanelle thinks that
because she's rich and cute.
And Jax probably thinks that
because that's how they treat her at work.
She's a boss bitch
so you can't tell her nothin'.
- You see, the thing with Jax,
she's always talking about
going to couples' therapy,
but I know she just wants
a fuckin' cosigner, bro.
I'm not here for that.
- No, I wouldn't sleep
on couples' therapy.
Sally and I did it early on,
and I'm telling you,
it helped lay a solid foundation.
- Our shit is so far past that.
Now, I'm just trying to survive the day.
- Can't be that bad.
Shanelle let you have this party.
- But that's what I'm talking about.
She doesn't let me do shit.
I do what I want.
After all, that's what she does, right?
And, I mean, if she wanna
play the game, I play to win.
- Yeah, I feel that.
- You ain't got
nothing to say about Sally?
- No, not really.
I'm telling you, man.
Couples' therapy.
Go and get you some.
- I don't even know
if we're gonna be a couple long enough
to make it there.
- You for real?
- Hey, man,
I say she ain't fucking with you,
move on, dawg.
I mean, you see anyone here you like?
- Nah. Nah, I just came
to watch the fight, bro.
- Yeah, and I just read the articles.
Hey, how about this?
I'm gonna go get another drink,
you have a look around.
Chris, you try to stay awake, dawg.
Y'all want somethin'?
- You know, yeah.
I mean, seriously, I'm clearly
not gonna get no work done tonight.
- Nah, I'm good.
♪
I'm about to head out now.
I think you should go home soon too.
- Why?
- What you don't see, you can't lie about.
Trust me.
♪
[line ringing]
[ringing continues]
[cell phone ringing]
♪
[moaning]
JT:
Uh-huh.
[moaning continues]
- Fuck!
[heavy breathing]
[moaning continues]
- Hey.
Thanks for letting me stop by.
JAX: Of course.
[door closes]
You want something to drink or--
- Well, it depends.
How long we got
till your phone rings again?
- I'm sorry about the other night.
Lewis, I've been
stretched so thin that I--
- Come here.
- No, no, it's-it's okay.
I'm good.
- I can't even touch you?
You know, a nigga got feelings too.
- You do know that everything
that's happened up to this point
has been about your feelings?
- You can't be serious.
- Dead ass.
You feel neglected, right?
You feel like you're not a priority.
What about how I feel?
Like the man I fell in love with
doesn't even see who I am.
And not only that,
he threatens to leave me
if I decide to become the person
I've always been
rather than the person he wants me to be.
I mean, ain't that some shit?
- I'm not asking you to change, Jax.
I'm asking you to grow.
- Ohh.
And the problem is that you don't know
the fucking difference.
- No, what you want is for me
to be the breadwinner and the homemaker
and come home and cry about it
in your arms of gratitude, my nigga.
That's what you want.
- I have spent so many years
putting my career on the back burner
so you could have what you have at work.
It's called sacrifice.
And I'm the only one in this relationship
who's always sacrificing something
for this family.
- You don't know half the shit
I do for this family.
- How did we get here, Jax?
That's what I wanna know.
Because I just want things to be back
the way they were.
- The way that things were wasn't working.
You resent me
for doing what I love, Lewis.
And I resent you
for holding what I love against me.
That is how we got here.
Neither one of us are happy.
Don't you see that?
- I want you.
Maybe you don't want me.
♪
♪ Loving you is hard ♪
- Lewis, I-I just need more time.
♪
- I don't know how much more time
I have to give, Jax.
JAX:
Wow.
Alright, that sounds
like another ultimatum.
- Yeah, well, this time I mean it.
♪
[laughter]
- So, uh, you have fun last night?
- Yeah, main event
wasn't exactly what I expected.
- Did you, um, find a sparring partner?
- They were all taken.
- Hey, man,
what happens in Encino, nigga, you know--
- I mean, it just seems like
it could all get messy real quick.
- Hey, I don't own nobody, dawg.
I'm just rentin'.
I suggest you do the same.
SHANELLE:
I'm so sorry this is a mess.
Thank you both
for helping me with this.
I forgot all about these damn goodie bags.
You know, usually my cousin Sally
helps me with this stuff,
but since she's out of town--
- No problem. I am happy to help.
Hey, Jax,
I'm surprised you have any free time
with this Brayden Miller trial.
- Oh, girl, it may look like
I'm here stuffing goodie bags,
but, really, I'm thinking about
what the DA is gonna say
to my witness on cross tomorrow.
[laughter]
- Well, I'm grateful you're here.
- Of course.
- And I'm glad to see Lewis here too.
- Yeah, I was surprised, actually.
- You know, I think JT
encouraged him to come.
You know, they watched
the fight together last night.
JAX:
Oh, yeah?
Must've been quite the bonding night.
JAX:
Mm-hmm.
- Oh!
TONI: Oh, I am so sorry.
SHANELLE:
No, you're good, girl.
Here, there's plenty of napkins.
- So you saying you and Shanelle
are in an open relationship?
- Hell, no.
- Alright, but--
[inaudible]
- Look, man, we're all just out here
trying to have a good time, brother.
That's it, you know.
Come on.
♪
GUESTS:
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
SHANELLE:
Hey! Happy birthday!
Happy birthday!
- Classic job, baby!
- [mouths]
I love you.
♪
- I don't wanna leave yet, Daddy.
- I know, I know, but I gotta get home.
- Stop being a baby, Naima.
NAIMA: I'm not a baby.
SPENSER: You're actin' like one.
- Hey, y'all leaving so soon?
- Yeah, I got a game launch
I'm really behind on,
but, Shanelle, this was a great party.
Tell JT thanks for inviting me.
- Yeah, I'm just glad you two had a chance
to hang out after all these years.
- Yeah, me too.
- Lewis, you got a minute before you go?
- Yeah. Uh, sure.
Hey, Spense, Naima,
I'll see you guys in the car.
- Alright. Thank you.
SHANELLE: Bye!
- Bye.
- So, look, I'm sure you know
Jamarion and I have had
our share of challenges,
but we're in a good place now.
I mean, a better place, and I'm-I'm--
Look, I just hope and pray
that you and Jax can get there too.
- Right.
Yeah, me too.
Has she said anything to you?
Uh, I don't want you
to betray your friendship to her, but--
- Well, have you two been talking?
- Yeah. Some.
- Well, maybe that explains it.
- Explains what?
- I don't know.
I mean, look, I know the trial
has been hella stressful,
but, Jax, she seems lighter.
She seems happy.
I can tell there's still love there.
At least in her heart for you.
Which is a good thing, right?
I gotta go. Come back and see us.
- Yeah.
[footsteps receding]
♪
[Jax moaning]
- Look at me.
Look at me.
I wanna be more to you than...
than just hotel rooms and just good sex.
Tell me you want the same.
[moaning continues]
Promise me.
- Yes.
Yes. Yes.
- Yeah.
[moans sharply]
♪
- Wow.
Oh, wow.
[exhales deeply]
♪
I'll be right back.
[shower running]
[chimes]
Hey, you wanna come join me?
♪
- I'm not sure what to do, Lu,
about me and Jax.
- No. It's just a rough patch.
You'll find your way back
to each other eventually.
- I'm starting to wonder if maybe
she's found her way to someone else.
Has she... said anything to you?
- No, she hasn't.
But, you know, Jacqueline has always
been very guarded with her feelings.
- Yeah. No kidding.
- But I know that she loves you,
and that's not going away
no matter what y'all are going through.
It's like me and Paul.
We went through so much.
His drinking, money stuff,
the whole thing with Jacqueline.
- What thing with Jax?
- Oh, no. Just that the break up
was hard for her, you know.
But anyway, when Paul came back
ten years later, he pursued me.
He let me know that he was different,
that we would be different.
Maybe that's what Jacqueline
needs to hear.
- You think so?
- You need to let her see
that you are the best man for her.
Every woman wants to be pursued
and-and wanted.
Like in the movies.
- You know, Jax ain't exactly
the romantic type.
- When the right man
does all the right things,
every woman is a romantic.
JAX:
Liliana, can you please tell the jury
about your work as a criminalist?
- I worked 18 years with the LAPD,
and I've been in private practice now
for almost five years.
I've helped attorneys, detectives,
private investigators
by rigorously studying the scene
and providing important insights.
- And were you able
to thoroughly investigate
the crime scene in this case?
- Yes. What struck me was
how shoddily the scene was investigated,
according to the reports.
When I examine the crime scene,
I see multiple things
that were overlooked.
One in particular seems integral
to this case.
- And what is that?
- The murder weapon
has a partial fingerprint on it
right here that was never tested.
There are clearly at least
10 points on this partial, maybe even 14.
Even with 10 or 12 points,
it can be ID'd to an individual.
In this case,
I compared the partial to both
Brayden Miller
and Kaleesha Moore's fingerprints.
- And what did you find?
- It doesn't match either of them.
There was a third-party fingerprint
on the murder weapon,
and the LAPD just ignored it completely.
- Just to make sure
that I'm following you,
the crime scene clearly reveals
a partial fingerprint
on the murder weapon
that the LAPD neglected to run?
- Exactly.
- And it does not match
Brayden Miller nor the victim?
- That is correct.
- Thank you.
- You were employed at the LAPD
for 18 years?
- That's correct.
- And is it true that after you left,
you filed a wrongful termination suit
against the LAPD?
- Yes, I was demoted and fired
with almost no warning.
As the only Latina at my rank,
I had to address that.
- I'm bringing this up because
you botched a case for the LAPD
shortly before you were let go.
Did you make a major error
in your investigation
of a violent crime scene
that cost the state its case
to catch the killer?
- I did make a mistake in that case.
MIKE:
One more thing.
That partial print,
was it on the stem of the murder weapon?
The part of the glass
used to kill Kaleesha Moore?
- No, it was located on the bowl.
MIKE:
Nothing further.
- Liliana, how many cases
were you involved in
during your tenure at the LAPD?
- Three hundred eighty-seven.
- And of those 387 cases,
how many did you botch?
- One.
- So you were
a highly successful member of the team.
Would you eliminate a partial fingerprint
from the murder weapon
simply because it was located
on the bowl of the wine glass
and not the stem?
- No. All fingerprints at a crime scene
should be included
in the report and tested,
especially if they're on
the murder weapon.
[sighs]
JAX: As Judge Green stated,
we're here to discuss your official report
of the crime scene.
Now, is it true
that your report was edited
prior to being submitted to discovery?
- The way I had
originally written it was unclear.
So I was asked to condense for clarity.
- So who would ask you
to make those changes
before submitting your final report?
- The police lieutenant.
JAX:
That would be LAPD Lieutenant II,
Eugene Burroughs.
Now, did Mr. Burroughs have any issues
with your original report?
- Well, there was
some confusion about the--
JAX:
Confusion about the fingerprints?
You're saying
that a senior-ranking LAPD officer
asked you to change your report
to eliminate the possibility
of someone else being there that night?
- Objection.
Asking the witness to speculate.
- That's alright, Your Honor.
I have no further questions.
- Miss Brady, you may step down.
Court is adjourned for the day.
[gavel pounds]
- Damn, girl, you killin' em!
Ugh. Yeah, I heard it
as soon as it came out of my mouth.
- It wasn't enough.
We need to know
whose fingerprint that was.
- Well, Liliana confirmed
there's nothing that matched
within the police database.
- Well, then we need fingerprints
of people not in the database.
♪
CJ:
Hey.
DAMON:
I thought you left already.
- I have some last-minute stuff
to take care of.
You good for tomorrow, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Alright, now, hey, make sure
you get the VIN numbers
off the models you're looking at.
- I got it, CJ. I'll see you tomorrow.
♪
- [mouths] Hey.
- Hey, Kanika.
KANIKA:
Hey, Mr. Stewart.
- Where are Spense and Naima?
- Doing their homework.
- Where's Jax?
- She asked me
to come over last minute.
She said she was
having coffee with a friend.
- Autumn?
KANIKA: I'm not sure.
All she left was an address
in case of emergency.
[indistinct conversations]
- And, so--
So I think, I think I finally got
this milk thing figured out.
- Oh. Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
- Okay, well, which one is your favorite?
- Okay, so at first,
I was really feeling
that almond milk, right?
JAX:
Mm.
- Well, then I got me
some of that oat milk--
Whew. Oat milk be hittin'.
Okay? Oh, it's just--
- You are hilarious.
- And you're brilliant.
- Okay, so... [clears throat]
...the other night at the hotel.
DAMON:
Hmm.
- You said you wanted
more than just hotel rooms.
But I think I was kinda clear in my note--
- I know what you said.
- Okay, so you understand
that's all I can give you right now.
- Yeah.
Right now.
Jax, I am--
[cell phone buzzing]
You need to get that?
- No.
If it's an emergency, he'll text me.
So we good then?
- Yeah, we all good.
- Good.
- Don't start nothin' you can't finish.
- Oh, I always finish.
♪ IFHY by Tyler, the Creator playing ♪
♪ I never would've thought that ♪
♪ Feelings could get thrown in the air ♪
♪ 'Cause I accidentally caught that ♪
♪ I need some new boxing gloves ♪
♪
♪ I fucking hate you but I love you ♪
♪ I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled ♪
♪ You're good at being perfect ♪
♪ We're good at being troubled ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Girl, you fucking with my emotions ♪
♪ The fuck is all this noise about? ♪
♪ I even considered picking up smoking ♪
♪ You turned to a bitch,
who let the dogs out? ♪
♪ But in my dog house ♪
♪ My bitch is the raddest ♪
♪ Crazy who makes me the happiest
can make me the saddest ♪
♪ Look, Alice, let's get lost
in your wonder-er-land, fuckin' atlas ♪
♪ You're perfectly perfect for me ♪
♪ What the fuck is this, practice? ♪
♪ Come on, baby ♪
♪ Even though I hate you ♪
♪ I still love you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ And Salem I know ♪
- Oh, shit.
♪ I'm passive aggressive ♪
You like that?
♪ I'm sorry ♪
♪
[Toni moaning]
♪ Fuck ♪
♪
♪ I like when we hold hands ♪
Oh, shit. I'm about to come on this dick.
Come with me, baby.
[Lewis moans deeply]
♪ I get jealous, fuck ♪
♪ Love ♪
[cell phone buzzing]
- Hey, Mom.
Mom. You okay?
MAMA LU [over phone]:
It's Paul.
He's in the hospital.
It doesn't look good, baby.
- Oh. Um--
Okay, don't worry, Mom, I'm-I'm--
I'm on my way. Okay?
- Okay.
♪
[cell phone ringing]
- Hey. What's up, Lew?
- Hey, T.
- Everything okay?
LEWIS: [over phone]
No, man.
I'm done with Jax.
This time for good.
TERRENCE:
Fuck.
♪ theme music playing ♪
♪